Separate contribution workflow information into two parts #120 (#135)
eclipse-platform/.github: CONTRIBUTING.md

4. Once the fix is ready, push the branch to your forked repository (not to the original upstream project repository).

5. Open the forked repository page in your browser, switch to the branch where the fix is developed. Click the _Contribute_ button to start the _Open Pull Request_ workflow.

6. On the new page verify the target branch is the correct one to merge your commits. It should be the `master` branch of the main project repository. Also verify that the list of commits contains the changes you intend to merge. If everything is fine, click on _Create pull request_ button at the bottom right.

7. If you are a committer, you can add reviewers if you want certain people to review a change. If you leave this empty, anyone from the project team will review.

8. If you push more commits to the same branch in your fork, they automatically get added to the pull request (and trigger a new round of builds and reviews). You can also amend your previous commits and force push them to your branch. Note that you will usually be asked to squash your commits to a single one before a PR will be merged.

> 9. Reviewers can review the pull request on the GitHub website or fetch the PR using the menu _Fetch GitHub PR_ in egit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Reviewers can review the pull request on the GitHub website or fetch the PR using the _Fetch GitHub PR_ menu entry in the _Git Repositories_ view inside the Eclipse IDE.
```
